[#11] Support offline mode (#207)
kowainik/summoner: README.md

```
Usage:
  summon new PROJECT_NAME [--ignore-config] [--no-upload] [--offline]
             [-f|--file FILENAME]
             [--cabal]
             [--stack]
             [--prelude-package PACKAGE_NAME]
             [--prelude-module MODULE_NAME]
             [with    [OPTIONS]]
             [without [OPTIONS]]

Available options:
  -h, --help               Show this help text
  --ignore-config          Ignore configuration file

>   --no-upload              Don not upload to GitHub. Special case of '--offline' flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --no-upload              Do not upload to GitHub. Special case of the '--offline' flag.
```
